feat(switch): added reverse layout (#4235)
patternfly/patternfly: src/patternfly/components/Switch/examples/Switch.md

{{/switch}}
```

> ### Reverse (Toggle on right)

Reviewer: Small nit, we use sentence case pretty much everywhere. 

```suggestion
### Reverse (toggle on right)
```

FYI I did a search to see how we're handling this in other examples and looks like it's lower case.

| `.pf-c-switch__label` | `<span>` |  Initiates a label inside the switch. |
| `.pf-m-on` | `.pf-c-switch__label` | Modifies the switch label to display the on message. |
| `.pf-m-off` | `.pf-c-switch__label` | Modifies the switch label to display the off message. |

> | `.pf-m-reverse` | `.pf-c-switch` | Modifies the switch toggle show it to the right of the label. |

Reviewer 2: "to show it" :)

> | `.pf-m-reverse` | `.pf-c-switch` | Modifies the switch toggle to show it to the right of the label. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `.pf-m-reverse` | `.pf-c-switch` | Positions the switch toggle to the right of the label. |
```
